chore: Update readme.md to not accept new apps (#2098)
electron/apps: readme.md

A collection of apps built on Electron. [electronjs.org/apps](http://electronjs.org/apps).

## ~~Adding your app~~

~~If you have an Electron application you'd like to see added,
please read the [contributing](contributing.md) doc.~~

## ~~How it Works~~

~~See [contributing.md#how-it-works](contributing.md#how-it-works)~~

> **We do not accept any new applications at this time.**
> 
> We are currently reworking the guidelines for adding applications and the organization of the repository.

Reviewer: Maybe we want to add a date to this message
```suggestion
**2023/01/25: We are not accepting any new applications at this time.**

We are currently reworking the guidelines for adding applications and the organization of the repository.
```
